How does the virtual body relate to the biological body? I believe that a common misconception today is the idea that identity is now somehow different than it was before the internet. Rather, I think that identity has never been attached to a physical or virtual "body", and instead is something metaphysical – an idea that can manifest itself in many ways. Therefore, the advent of the internet merely presented identity with another realm to spread into.

While at the beginning, people saw the internet as an opportunity for free expression, the reality of humanity's relationship with identity quickly set in. For the same reason that you want to know someone's real name when speaking to them (in order to feel a bond or personal connection), humanity quickly came to view the internet in the same lens. I think that the limit of anonymity and free expression is danger and exposed trust. Fundamentally, the issue with the internet as a body for free expression is it quickly morphed from "a cool place" to where we conduct most of our daily lives. When we began to use the internet for our daily lives, the neccessity of trust set in.

Rather than a magical technology that allows for free expression, the internet is a human invention, and therefore merely a reproduction of human interaction. Therefore, the same rules apply as would in the physical world. Someone's identity can be expressed differently in different groups, just as it can be expressed differently on the internet. However, when that identity becomes more important, just as a one's identity in a physical relationship might become more important through intimacy, the need for trust results in a replication of one's in-person identity.
