The effect of the internet on dating and relationships is complex, powerful, and difficult to understand. Certainly there are implications in how we interact with each other – text-speak has extended beyond the keyboard to common daily phrases like "LOL", and the phrase "dick pic" is understood to be related to sexting, an entirely new genre of texting perhaps predated by early paintings of scantily clothed women and men. The Quarantine era of 2020, where lives are lived entirely online, has challenged the idea that our digital selves are an extension of our physical ones. Anyone who has spent 30 or more minutes scrolling through social media would have a difficult time arguing that they feel just as fulfilled looking at pictures of their friends online versus seeing their friends in person. On the other hand, the lines between our digital and physical selves have been smudged greatly.

Gene McHugh attempts to explore the intricacies of online relationships in his article "The Context of the Digital: A Brief Inquiry into Online Relationships". Written in 2014, and later quoted in the title of an album by the 1975 (released online to much critical acclaim), the article argues that digital/online space has enabled mixed-mode and entirely online relationships, just as it has enabled new forms of communication and interactions between people. As a digital native myself, I think that it's entirely true that our generation still approaches the internet as a sort of fascinating, thrilling, somewhat dangerous tool. There are masters of social media, and there are followers. The idea of being a sheep is enough to make many people diffrenciate the online from the real, but the most effective social media manipulators are those who see the two as fundamentally connected.

The online relationship allows us to transcend our physical tendencies – the lack of physical feedback allows us more time to respond, more time to think, and less time to act instinctively upon our first impulses. Is this a good thing or a bad thing? The answer is unclear.
