I've always been a fan of the web typographies and design of the 1990s and 2000s – I think that this era of time could be classified as max-information or over-sharing. In comparison to modern internet styles and practices, which are more minimalistic and information-based (what I mean by this is that many companies are focused exclusively on conveying information in as little time as possible), I find "older" website designs to be much more informative in terms of personality.

Lialina talks about these styles in her writing, and particularly talks about the transition or fads within the internet. She forsees the eventual end of many of the styles common in the early internet, but I believe that in reality the personal and professional sides of the internet (what Lialina might describe as the "professional" and the "vernacular") still exist today. Rather than slowly morph into a corporate behemoth, things like stickers and bitmojis provide ways for vernacular web design and character online to continue to thrive. Indeed, rather than disappear, the vernacular web seems to be alive today.

Rather than wipe out personalization, the evolution of the internet has resulted in highly professionalized web design, and highly personalized vernacular web design. It's only natural that as standards were raised, websites became more highly polished and purpose-based. Likewise, tools for expression became more personalized. I think as the internet continues to evolve we will only see more personalization and professionalization – the vernacular and professional web will continue to thrive together.
